“Christian Domestic Discipline 101” from Amazon.com.*          *This is a real book.
“Exiting, pursued by a bear.”
“Vegan-leather” bondage gear.
50 Shades of Off-White.
A “boudoir-style” photoshoot that turns into something else.
A 20+ year age gap between you and your partner.
A bi-sexual woman learning blowjob technique from a gay man.
A Brat.
A catholic schoolgirl uniform.
A cherry-wood spanking bench.
A collar and a leash.
A fleshlight™ knock-off from China.*          *Fleshlights are male masturbators.
A fox-tail butt plug.
A gift certificate to Liberator™.*          *Liberator.com sells sex-furniture and various toys.
A happy submissive.
A librarian doing something with her mouth other than “shushing.”
A mild foot-fetish.
A really, really good spanking.
A sex-toy or a dog-toy.
A Violet Wand with multiple attachments.*        *Violet Wands are sex toys used for electrical sensation play.
Aftercare.*          *Attending to the needs of your partner after an S&M scene.
Alternative uses for Icy Hot and Gold Bond Medicated Powder.
An advanced teledildonics* protoype.          *Teledildonics is sex ata distance via mechanical means.
An all-day fuck fest.
An introverted Dom.
An upgraded Sybian.*          *A Sybian is a high-powered, riding vibrator.
Anal safer sex.
Asking “Do you have other sizes of ball gags?”
Awkward dynamics in a poly relationship.
Awkward sex on the honymoon.
Being bent over the bed, blindfolded, and bound, and waiting...
Being choked – with love – by your partner.
Being pleasantly surprised at the quality of the sex tape you made using your iPhone.
Buying kink supplies at Hobby Lobby.*          *Hobby Lobby is a very conservative Christian store.
Creepy kink guys who prey on newbies to the scene.
Daddy.
Deciding who gets to sleep in the middle.
Defending marriage from those kind of people.
Dinner at a fine restaurant with candlelight, small portions, tablecloths, and a remote-controlled bullet in your partner.*  *A bullet is a small vibrator.
Drool from sucking cock.
Fetlife.*          *Fetlife is a social site for people who are into non-traditional sex and relationships.
Figuring out how to keep a woman with really small, flexible hands restrained in bondage cuffs.
Fisher-Price's new “My First Slave Collar.”
Getting an infection from your partner's unclean toys.
GGG.*        *Good, Giving, and Game.  Roughly, “fun in bed.”
Gifted but not talented.
Glitter everywhere.
Hair gel on the inside of your car windows.
High protocol.*          *A very formal set of rules with focus on the Dom.
I'm your Secretary.
Kinky sex.
Leaving claw marks on my back.
Liquid latex.
Making whore life choices.
My custom-built bondage bed.
My Good Girl.*          *A term used for a well-behaved female submissive.
My safeword is “Cinnamon.”
My token monogamous friend.
Needle-play.
No, Sir.
Nope.  Not at all.
Not just embracing your inner demon, but taking it out for dinner and
dancing, then home...
One scoop of creamed potatoes. A slice of butter. Four peas. And as much ice cream as you'd like to eat.*        *See movie “The Secretary.”
Orgasm denial.
Pegging.*          *Performing anal sex on using a strap-on.
Piercings in unusual places.
Pity sex.
Reaching out and “touching” someone.
Restraining orders.
Rubbing a bald head.
Sex positive people.
Shibari.*          *Japanese rope bondage.
Six rolls of “Moving Wrap” from U-Haul™.
Slamming your partner against a wall.
Squirting.*          *Female ejaculation.
Sub drop.*          *A type of depression that may occur after an intense S&M scene.
That fantasy.
That really cute barista.
The BAD cane.
The Hitachi Magic Wand.*          *A high-powered, plug-in “massager.”
The lovely bruises from last night.
The morning-after pill.
The other paddle.
The threesome that will never happen.
Trying to introduce the person you're dating when you don't know what your relationship status actually is.
Vampire gloves.*          *Gloves with multiple points used for sensation play.
Vetwrap bandaging tape.
Walking in on your mom dominating your dad.
Wax-play.
Whistling inappropriate Oingo-Boingo songs.
Yes, Sir!
Your behavior.  It's very bad.
“I'm off my meds so I may be a bit weird.”
63 new messages saying either “Hay” or “Wanna fuck?”
A coyote date where you're willing to chew your own arm off to get away.
A coyote date where you're willing to chew your own arm off to get away.
A date so awful you reevaluate your orientation.
A deep, meaningful relationship... started on Tinder.
Aging out of the online dating pool.
An awe-inspiringly generic profile.
Being dumped on your birthday.
Being on a date where every single question is answered with the statement, “I'm no comfortable talking about that.”
Being very concerned about “The Surgery” they keep referring to.
Calling out you date for attempting Pick Up Artist techniques on you.*  *See https://xkcd,com/1027/
Checking out the hot one on the left in the photo then realizing that the profile is for the not-so-hot one on the right.
Considering the date successful when they put their phone down for more than 50% of the time.
Contacting your cryptographer friend at the NSA for help in translating the poor grammar and spelling in a profile.
Dating someone almost half your age... almost.
Deciding if the amazing sex was worth the amazing crazy.
Destroying on really nice article of clothing.
Discovering that your significant other is shocked you masturbate.
Discovering you date thinks she's a “squirter,” but it's really just pee.
Discovering your 32 year old date is a virgin.          By choice.
Discovering your date has dotted-line tattoos saying “cut here” on their wrists.
Discussing your favorite types of bondage on your first date.
Driving two hours for a date only to find that they moved and left no forwarding address.
Ending a three-year relationship via email.
Extreme halitosis.
Faking an orgasm so you can kick them out.
Faking food poisoning to end the date.
Figuring out who gets the Hitachi Wand after the break-up.
Finding a polite way to ask if your date was born the gender they are now.
Finding out that they live in their parents' basement.
Finding out they're single in an “Ashley Madison” kind of way.
Finding out your date thinks that Cards Against Humanity™ isn't funny. At all.
Finding yourself disturbed at how turned on you are by someone who's that trashy.
Finding yourself trapped in a discussion about how the conspiracy is everywhere.
Fucking a guy with a huge penis... who has no idea what he's doing with it.
Fucking them senseless.
Geographically undesirable*          *When a dating prospect lives at a distance.
Getting back from a bad date to your roommate having sex on the couch.  Again.
Getting drunk.  Not for the date, but just for the searching online.
Getting the feeling that you really need to watch your drink.
Ghosting.*    *Ceasing all communication in an attempt to break-up without actually stating as much.
Giving the person who asked for your number the number of “dial-a-prayer.”*    *800-NOW-PRAY (800-669-779) works, but you may want to find a non 800-number.
Going to Denny's and being told by your date what you can order so they can use their coupon.
Having explosive diarrhea in your date's bathroom.
Having mind-blowing sex with someone whose politics are the polar opposite of yours.
Having sex with someone who learned their technique from watching bad porn.
Having your cat back away, hackles-up, hissing and yowling at your date.
Having your date say grace while you think, “I'm picking up the tab, why are you thanking God?”
Ignoring glaringly obvious red-flags because they're really hot.
Judging someone based on the content of their character... and the shape of their butt.
Listening to him talk all night about his Twilight fan-fiction.
Looking through your “friends” on Facebook and playing “Would you or wouldn't you?” at 3:30am because you're awake and have nothing better to do.
Lying about your age by 10 years and thinking no one will notice.
Major bitchy/asshole resting face.
Meeting your date only to see their face fall at the sight of you.
Messages from people who are WAY less attractive than you.
Messages from people who obviously have not read your profile.
My eyes.
My favorite movies: The Secretary; Amelie; and The Shawshank Redemption.
Not clicking “casual sex” because you don't want to look like a slut. (even though you really want casual sex).
OKCupid suggesting not one, not two, but three different exes.
One hour into the date, they have to call-in and tell their Dom how the date is going.
One topic of conversation.  Vegan “food.”  Nothing else.
Pictures of you drinking a cocktail, sky-diving, and rock-climbing.
Because you're unique.
Pubic hair that makes you think of Donald Trump's toupee.
Random hairs from your ex on everything.  Including your underwear.
Reading a friend's profile and realizing you two should totally hook up.
Realizing this isn't a date, it's a chance for the person to share their love of Jesus with someone new.
Receiving flowers on your first date that smell like rotting flesh.
Returing your ex's stockings to her – after you've tied up your new girlfriend with them.
Signing up with eHarmony only to be told, “we can't find any matches for you.”
Spending $400 on another god-awful bridesmaid’s dress.
Spending the entire night surfing OKCupid, Match.com, Plenty of Fish, and Craig's List without reaching out.
Swiping left so hard you crack the screen.
Telling your parents you two met at church, not on CallarSpace.com.*  *CollarSpace.com is a site for people looking for
Master/Slave-type relationships.
The day after the first date when she tells you she's pregnant... and doesn't know who the father is.
The embarrassment of the hot nurse reading your medication list
including Valtrex and Viagra...          *Valtrex is a herpes medication.
The sense of connection after discovering you take the psychiatric meds.
Thinking, “Curvy?  Well, yeah.  Spheres have curves.”
Thinking, “maybe just this once I don't need protection...” and finding out later, “yeah, I did.”
Trying to decide if online- or offline-dating is worse.
Unholy rage and abuse at a polite “thanks, but no thanks” response to an online-dating contact
Upon meeting, discovering their photos were poor, outdated, and probably someone else... quite possibly of a different species altogether.
Watching your date get someone else's number while out with you.
Wedding reception hook-ups.
Wondering if maybe you're the ONLY person on any of these dating sites given your response rate.
Wondering why no one has actually created the dating site “Lowered
Expectations.”*          *MADtv skit about a dating site for people who aren't very attractive.
Wondering why none of your friends will set you up with their friends.
Yelling into the void.          *Sending messages on a dating site without receiving any responses.
Your date declaring their undying love in the first 45 minutes
Your date explaining that he's a masculinist and a member of the men's rights movement.
Your date surprising you by coming out of your bedroom wearing one of your button-down shirts.        And nothing else.